Incorporating collaborator feedback on `ww-rnaseq` pipeline (#331)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: modules/ww-deseq2/README.md

- **Tasks**: `combine_count_matrices`, `run_deseq2`, `compile_deseq2_results`
- **Scripts**: `combine_star_counts.py`, `deseq2_analysis.R`, `compile_deseq2_results.py`, `generate_pasilla_counts.R` (fetched via curl at runtime)
- **Test workflow**: `testrun.wdl` (demonstration workflow using test data)
- **Containers**: `getwilds/python-utils:0.1.0` (count matrix tasks), `getwilds/deseq2:1.40.2` (DESeq2 analysis)
- **Dependencies**: Integrates with `ww-testdata` module for test data generation
- **Test Data**: Uses Pasilla test dataset with 7 samples and 10,000 genes

## Scripts

All scripts are fetched from this repository at runtime via `curl`. This keeps the Docker images generic and makes it easy to iterate on analysis logic without rebuilding containers.

| Script | Used by | Language | Description |
|--------|---------|----------|-------------|
| [`combine_star_counts.py`](combine_star_counts.py) | `combine_count_matrices` | Python | Reads individual STAR `ReadsPerGene.out.tab` files, extracts the specified count column (unstranded, forward, or reverse), merges them into a single gene-by-sample count matrix, and writes a sample metadata file for DESeq2 |

> | [`deseq2_analysis.R`](deseq2_analysis.R) | `run_deseq2` | R | Runs the full DESeq2 pipeline: reads counts and metadata, applies configurable gene filtering, fits the DESeq2 model, extracts results with optional LFC shrinkage, generates MA/PCA/volcano/heatmap plots, and writes results CSVs |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`deseq2_analysis.R`](deseq2_analysis.R) | `run_deseq2` | R | Runs the full DESeq2 pipeline: reads counts and metadata, applies configurable gene filtering, fits the DESeq2 model, extracts results with optional log fold change shrinkage, generates MA/PCA/volcano/heatmap plots, and writes results CSVs |
```
I would spell this out everywhere

- `condition_column` (String): Column name containing experimental conditions (default: "condition")
- `reference_level` (String): Reference level for DESeq2 contrast (typically control condition)
- `contrast` (String): DESeq2 contrast string in format 'condition,treatment,control'
- `min_counts` (Int): Minimum counts a gene must have to pass filtering (default: 10)

> - `min_samples` (Int): Minimum samples meeting `min_counts` threshold; 0 = use total counts instead (default: 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `min_samples` (Int): A gene must meet the `min_counts` threshold in this many samples to be kept. 0 = Gene is kept if its count across all samples meets the `min_count` threshold (default: 0)
```
I would consider re-phrasing to be more clear. I had to look at `deseq2_analysis.R` to understand what this input was actually for.
